- The plan is solid.
- Okay, I'll do this for you,
and then you'll do something
for me.
Yeah, we'll do it.
Marco: Everybody down
on the ground! [ Gunshot ]
J: Everybody, stay down!
- [ Craig grunts ]
- [ Dana screams ]
I will find out
what you did to her.
Hello?
♪♪
It's my new bank.
- Smurf?
- Yeah.
Holy shit.
With the money in those walls,
we can all do what we want.
She's gonna come after you, Baz.
Don't worry about Smurf.
[ Gunshot ]
It's already done.
I just have to flip the switch.
I was kind of an asshole before.
You stole my shit
and you left me for dead.
I thought we could work it
all out on the way to Vegas.
Vegas?
On me.
♪♪
♪ She stares deeply ♪
♪ Locked inside me ♪
♪ Burnin' brightly ♪
♪♪
♪ One they know
that I cannot take ♪
♪ Waitin' for it all to begin ♪
♪ Every night now, they'll win ♪
♪♪
♪ Come and meet my black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black hole ♪
♪ I've got a big black,
big black hole ♪
♪ Got a big black hole inside of me ♪
*ANIMAL KINGDOM*
Season 02 Episode 11
Title: "The Leopard"
♪ Got a ♪
Man: [ Laughs ] Yeah!
Dealer: Come on.
Craig: All right, here we go.
Go big or go home.
Stick with me, guys,
you wanna make that money.
Winner!
[ Cheering ]
[ Speaks indistinctly ] Go.
♪♪
He wins again!
[ Laughs ]
- Bring it! Bring it here.
- Hey, hey, hey, hey.
[ Lowered voice ]
You got any blow?
[ Chips clink ]
♪ Who's the man? ♪
♪ You the man ♪
♪ I been dreaming about
living it large ♪
♪ Here I am now, I'm in charge ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Who's the man? ♪
♪ You the man ♪
♪ Who's the man?
♪ You the man
♪ Do it now with
the era of the kings ♪
♪ Bow down and kiss the ring
♪♪
♪♪ Glass Animals' "Gooey"
playing...
♪ Spinning 'round my head
and I stare ♪
♪ While my naked fool ♪
♪ Fresh out
of an icky, gooey womb ♪
♪ A woozy youth ♪
♪ Dopes up
on her silky smooth perfume ♪
♪ Ride my little Pooh bear,
wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Wanna sip this smooth air,
kick it in the sand ♪
♪ I'd say I told you so
but you just gonna cry ♪
♪ You just wanna know
those peanut butter vibes ♪
♪ My, my, simple sir,
this ain't gonna work ♪
♪ I just wanna go where
I can get some space ♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
Man: Dude, can I have two shots?
Two shots.
♪♪
Hey, can you pour this guy
some shots?
- Hey.
You're becoming a regular here,
man.
[ Chuckles ]
I brought you something.
Is there somewhere quieter?
Found it while I was packing.
Thought you might want
to hang it somewhere.
Packing?
Uh, I'm taking one last shot
at the Q.S.
Leaving Tuesday.
What about school?
[ Chuckles ]
I'll make it up next semester.
I always got so nervous
when I was competing.
You'd be smoking a joint,
and they'd call your name,
and you'd be like,
"All right. Here, hold this."
Yeah, well, the weed helped.
No, I think you were
just that good.
[ Inhales deeply ]
That's the last time I won.
Mm-hmm.
Lately you seem like that again.
Like what?
Like that kid I grew up with.
♪♪
[ Inhales deeply,
exhales slowly ]
I'll see you when I get back.
♪♪
[ Exhales deeply ]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Door opens ]
Come to bed.
Yeah, in a minute.
- [ Exhales deeply ] Hey.
- [ Whispers ] Hey.
[ Inhales deeply ]
When you are gonna tell
the others?
When it's done.
You think Smurf knows?
[ Chuckles ]
By now she knows, yeah.
She's gonna try to get
to your brothers first.
You sure they'll choose you?
Come on.
What about the kid?
You trust him?
No, I don't trust him,
but I know how to handle him.
Es la madre de ellos.
Now you sound like Cath.
[ Glasses thud ]
[ Cork pops ]
Just be smart. [ Sighs ]
With all that money,
you'd never have to work
in your life again.
Deran could take care of Craig,
but Pope's dead in a year
without me, so...
[ Bottle thuds ]
You'd do anything for Marco.
Not anything.
♪♪
[ Glass thuds ]
Don't ever say
I sound like Catherine again.
Okay, I won't.
It takes me three minutes
to pack.
Oh,
you're threatening me now?
I'm just going to bed.
I have to work early tomorrow.
Oh, yeah, I forgot.
You're really important.
Sí, I am.
I know you are.
♪♪
[ Water running ]
[ Turns faucet off ]
Is this for me?
[ Voice breaking ]
Yeah. I got it for you.
What's the matter?
Chris just told me that
his curtains are "opaque."
[ Chuckles ]
What?
Opaque? [ Chuckles, sniffles ]
It's the worst part...
you know, not hearing his voice
every day.
Every time I talk to him,
it's like he's...
It's like he's a new kid.
You'll get him back.
You know,
he likes his school.
He has friends. He's...
he's happy there.
Amy...
you're his mom.
[ Sniffles ]
Hey, do you wanna
come with me on Saturday?
Chris has a baseball game.
I want you to meet him.
What about your brother?
♪♪
He'll understand
that it's important.
Okay.
Great.
Nicky: Craig texted me again.
- Listen to this.
- [ Clears throat ]
"You're a cool girl,
and I've really enjoyed
our time together."
- [ Chuckles ]
- "Our time together"? [ Laughs ]
"But I think we are better
as friends."
Okay, we are not friends.
We have never been friends.
It's like talking to a steak.
[ Man calling sports game
on TV ]
- [ Chuckles ]
- Are you okay?
Yeah.
He gives me my share from
the boat, I don't give a shit.
[ Cellphone chimes ]
I...
He says, um,
"We can still hook up
if you want."
He's high.
He forgot he already
broke up with me 11 times...
Three times yesterday.
Also, dude, text?
Come on. You're, like, 40.
Grow up.
- He's not 40.
- [ Laughs ]
[ Laughs ]
[ Beer sloshes ]
Oh.
Do you want me to go
get you another one?
No. No, it's fine.
You can have it.
Thanks.
[ TV continues indistinctly ]
Do you think
I'll have to move?
[ Men speaking indistinctly
on TV ]
No.
I'll talk to Smurf.
Thanks.
[ Sighs ]
Smurf?
[ Touchscreen clicking ]
[ Shovel thudding ]
Smurf?
What are you doing?
I keep an emergency fund
out here.
Let me do it. I'll do it.
[ Shovel thudding ]
You always need
to have cash on hand.
Keeps you mobile, adaptable.
[ Dirt sifts ]
Without cash, you're just...
you're vulnerable.
What about your cut
from the yacht heist?
No, no. Way too soon
to fence that.
We have to wait.
[ Shovel dragging on ground ]
[ Metal clanking ]
There. Okay.
Pull it out.
Baz ripped off
my storage unit.
How do you know?
Everything I do, I do for this
family. You know that, right?
Yeah.
What are you gonna do
to him?
Families are complicated.
Right?
Here. You lay off
the credit card for a while
till I work this out.
♪♪
[ Dirt sifts ]
[ Door creaks open ]
Craig? Wake up.
[ Groans ] You were supposed
to meet me an hour ago.
[ Groans ] How'd you find me?
You gave me the address.
Who are these people?
Hell if I know. You should get
a shot of penicillin.
[ Craig groans ]
Get dressed.
I'll be outside.
[ Door creaks ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Thud ]
[ Door closes ]
[ Helicopter blades whirring ]
[ Marco laughs ]
Where are we?
Van Nuys.
[ Keys jangle ] I'll call
you in a couple hours,
give you the address
so you can drop off the car.
Wait. What?
We already talked about this.
You owe me.
Yo, I'm not going anywhere
near the border.
No border. Just babysit the car.
Easiest 5K you'll ever make.
Oh, and keep it out the sun.
[ Keys jangle ]
[ Pounding ]
[ Muffled screaming ]
[ Pounding continues ]
♪♪
Is Mommy dead?
Is Mommy here?
Hey. Can you drive me
to school?
- [ Inhales deeply ]
- I have a chem final,
and if I don't show up
and bubble in some answers...
[ Grunts ] ...Mr. Erickson
is gonna fail me.
Also, Max has some coke
and he's gonna sell me some.
- [ Sighs ]
- Can you borrow Smurf's car?
Uh, yeah. Sure.
Thanks.
[ Sighs ]
[ Shower running ]
I mean, just 'cause we share
a bathroom
doesn't mean you need
to come into room and...
Yes, it does. That's actually
what it means.
-[Laughs] It means I can come look at you.
- It means it's okay?
- Oh. Hey.
- Hey.
- Hey.  - Hi.
- What are you doing here?
- My kid inside?
- Yeah.
- Good.
- Can I have the keys?
- Yes.
- [ Whispers ] Bye.
- Bye.
Um, you know Smurf knows
it was you, man.
Good.
[ Car door opens ]
I didn't say anything.
[ Car door closes ]
Don't worry, man. I'm not gonna
tell her you helped.
This is for you.
There's a lot more
where that came from.
[ Pats arm ]
Wish me luck.
[ Woman on radio ]
Your skin deserves the rest.
[ Gate opens ]
♪♪ [ Station changes ]
Rock music playing...
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
[ Engine starts ]
Ready?
[ Engine revs ]
Like this?
Lena.
Daddy, look! We're making pie!
Yeah, kiddo, come on.
Go get your clothes on.
We're late here.
Okay, go.
You should've told me
you were coming, Baz.
I would've made you breakfast.
Well, I've been avoiding you.
[ Coffee pouring ]
$1.4 million in cash,
10 times that when I sell the rest.
[ Coffee pot clatters ]
Planning on keeping it
for yourself?
No, I'm gonna split it evenly,
like you should have been
doing for years.
Really? How do you know
I wasn't?
Oh, right. It's all for us.
Is that right?
Is that why you kept
the watches?
If you knew that we were
sitting on those watches,
you would lose it.
A few years from now,
I sell those watches...
[ Snaps fingers ]
like that.
And pocket the cash?
No, I spread it among my family,
like always.
It's called management.
Or you're keeping evidence
on us.
You're gonna sign
the Condon building
and the Deacon units
over to me.
I'll use them to launder
our money.
You don't come near the jobs.
You don't touch the cash.
What do you think you have left
to threaten me with?
You get to keep your family.
You give me the buildings,
I won't tell your sons that
you've been stealing from them
and keeping evidence on them.
Call me when you have
the paperwork ready.
I'll give you a couple days.
[ Door opens, closes ]
♪♪
[ Car door opens, closes ]
[ Engine starts ]
♪♪
[ Bottle clinks ]
[ Loud bang ]
Craig: Yo!
[ Door slams ]
I need help, man!
- Who is that?
- [ Muffled shouting ]
- I don't know!
- Who is that, Craig?
I don't know, man!
You gonna help me or what?!
[ Muffled shouting continues ]
Yeah, put him
in the office, man.
♪♪
Christ. Stay still!
You hear me? Stay still,
goddamn it!
[ Grunts ] Quit it!
Quit it! Quit it.
[ Chain rattles ]
[ Muffled whimpering ]
[ Locks door ]
Oh, my God, man.
I wake up, like, hungover.
Marco's there, and then
he gives me the key to this car.
He drives off, and this kid's
in the trunk.
And now Marco's not
picking up the phone.
[ Muffled shouting ]
Stay still! You hear me?!
- Craig. Goddamn it,
- Stay.
put him in the chair now, man.
- [ Grunting ]
- Sit down.
You gonna finally shut up?
You gonna shut up?
[ Drawer closes ]
Zip tie.
- Shut up.
- [ Muffled speech ]
- [ Speaking muffled Spanish ]
- Oh, yeah? Yeah, bro?
Shut up. Shut up.
[ Grunts ]
[ Groans ]
[ Zip ties tighten ]
All right. All right, chill.
Shut up. Shut up.
I'm taking this off.
- Hey! I'm taking this off, okay?
- Shut up.
[ Tape rips ]
¿Tienes alguna idea
quien es mi padre?
I don't speak Spanish.
Do you have any idea
who my father is?
No, I don't.
I have no idea who you are.
You're making a big mistake.
No shit. Call Marco right now.
- He's not picking up his phone.
- I don't care, Craig. Call him.
Tell him he's not here
in 15 minutes,
we're dumping this kid
on the street.
Estás muerto, cabrón.
English, please.
You're dead.
♪♪
Victor Reyes.
Is that your name?
No, that's the name of the guy
they'll send
to cut your dicks off.
Then he'll make you eat them.
Whoa, dude.
Look, I was coming home
from school once
when I was, like, 8.
Some guy put me
in the back of a van.
24 hours later, I was
back at home drinking a Yoo-hoo,
and the guys that snatched me
were headless,
hanging from a bridge.
It's up to you.
[ Cellphone buzzes ]
- Okay.
- Yo, Marco.
[ Buzzing continues ]
Give me it.
- Keep an eye on him.
- Yeah.
Marco, where the hell are you?
We've been trying
to reach you for an hour.
Hey, don't me calling me,
leaving me
threatening voicemails, bro.
- Who is this kid?
- I talked to Craig.
- He was cool with it. Okay,
- you've got
30 minutes to come get this kid,
or we're letting him go.
I did you a favor.
Next time you need
a translator,
try Rosetta Stone.
Why is this kid talking about
cutting our dicks off, Marco?
His dad's
some low-level scumbag
who stole some money from
some people he shouldn't have.
He'll pay.
I agreed to do a favor for you.
I thought we were talking
about a pickup,
maybe a border run,
not a kidnapping.
Just hold him for a few hours.
I'll text you an address.
Just drop him off. It's simple.
[ Beep, call disconnects ]
[ Touchscreen clicks ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
[ Keys jangle ]
[ Door closes ]
Child: I'll see you later!
Okay, come on.
Can I go with you when
you go away? I'll be quiet.
What are you talking about?
I heard you talking to Lucy.
I'm not going anywhere.
And if I ever did,
you would come with me.
You know that, right?
Lena, you know that,
right?
Mm-hmm.
And you don't have to be quiet.
You're a kid.
But you get mad
when I'm loud.
[ Woman shouts indistinctly ]
I don't get mad.
Can Grandma Smurf come?
Lena, I'm not going anywhere.
Come on.
Okay.
Allison's gonna pick you up.
I'll see you later, okay?
[ Rapid footsteps depart ]
J.
Come here. I want you to meet
my friend, Morgan Wilson.
Morgan Wilson, J, my grandson.
Hi. Hi. He looks just
like his mother.
Your grandmother says
you're very bright.
Yeah. [ Chuckles ]
It was nice...
Nice to meet you.
I'll be in my room.
J...
Morgan is here to see you.
[ Pats table ]
Sit down.
[ Clears throat ]
Um...
Do you know
what power of attorney is?
No.
For the last 15 years,
Baz has had legal access
to your grandmother's finances,
her properties.
If anything were to happen
to her, well, he'd get...
Everything.
He'd get everything. Okay?
Go on.
Your grandmother says you're
a quick learner, you're loyal,
you're not as emotional
as your uncle.
And I just wanna make sure
that you understand
what a big responsibility
this is, being pow...
What I want to make sure
is that my grandson J is given
my power of attorney now.
♪♪
Are you okay?
Of course I am, baby.
I'll just need your signatures.
[ Pen clicks ]
Where all the stickies are.
♪♪
[ Papers rustling ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
All those man hours.
You got taxpayer dollars,
a SWAT team...
turned up nothing.
But I know you weren't
harassing my family
because we made you
look bad.
Maybe you felt guilty
because Catherine ran off,
left her kid?
You worked her too hard.
She couldn't handle the stress.
Is that why Baz killed her?
He thought she was a C.I.?
Nah, Baz didn't kill anyone.
Yeah? And you didn't burn
her parents to death?
Catherine knew about that,
by the way,
and she still wouldn't talk.
Bullshit.
You were working her.
[ Thud ]
You come at me again,
I will shoot you in the head
and tell the captain
you rushed me.
Catherine wasn't a C.I.
Believe me
or don't believe me,
I don't give a shit.
♪♪
I'll find out what Baz did to
her and I'll put him away.
Then I'm coming after
the rest of you!
[ Indistinct conversations ]
What's up?
- Hey.
What's that?
You like it?
[ Chuckles ] Is it yours?
Yeah, just bought it.
The wheels are kinda big.
Yeah, they're better
for on the sand.
I'm gonna do drive around
for a bit. You wanna come?
You wanna drive around?
Yeah.
Okay. [ Laughs ]
[ Exhales deeply ]
- Hey.
You get my messages?
Yep.
I just want to talk.
I know you don't want me
coming by your house.
No, I know.
- I'm taking my break.
- Man: Yeah, sure.
My son.
No.
I just... wanted you to know
I got a job.
Been sober for three months.
Now you've told me.
Um, look, you're angry.
I get it.
You have every right to be.
You know, Ray, I-I...
[ Lighter clicks ]
to be honest,
I don't remember much of it.
I mean, Smurf loves
to talk about
all the terrible things
you did to me.
I just figured a lot of it
was bullshit,
her just wanting me
to be grateful.
Then I see something
like this.
See that?
[ Sniffles ]
Smurf came to my door that night
with that friend of yours.
Tied me to a chair,
took a pipe to my legs,
to my arms.
Used this like a map.
[ Breathing deeply ]
Smurf didn't save me.
The damage was done.
You're never gonna see me again.
Stop calling me.
[ Footsteps depart ]
Eat.
You gonna feed it to me?
[ Sighs deeply ]
[ Knife clicks ]
[ Grunts ]
What's in it?
Are you kidding me?
[ Sighs ]
Craig: So what's your name?
Alejandro.
Okay, Alejandro, is your dad
a drug dealer? Is that it?
- Cop.
Lots of dirty cops down there.
Connected, too.
Okay, yeah, well, you must think
you're a real badass, huh?
I don't want nothing to do
with that life.
I'm up here, trying to
better myself and shit.
[ Sighs ]
I heard you on the phone, man.
You don't want to be doing this.
Just let me go, and my dad will
get you whatever you want.
[ Pounding on door ]
I swear to God.
Shh, shh, shh, shh,
shh, shh, shh.
Uh, yeah, we're... we're closed.
Sorry.
Renn: Craig here?
He told me to come by.
What do you want?
Hey, Deran. Don't be an asshole.
Let me in.
- Renn.
- Renn?
Handle her. Now.
Take care of it.
Go. Just get rid of her.
Go. Now.
[ Office door closes ]
This place is cool.
Thanks.
Um... can I catch you later?
We're doing inventory.
Yeah. I'm just here
to get my money.
I floated you the cash.
You said you'd pay me back.
Yeah. Uh...
Yeah. Wait, wait.
So... what do I owe you?
The plane alone was 11 grand.
- Plane?
- Jesus Christ.
Craig, the private plane
you chartered.
You used the word "baller,"
like, 900 times.
Right.
Don't say shit or I'll...
- [ Grunts ]
- stab you.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- Okay?
- Mm.
- [ Under breath ] Goddamn it.
- Craig: I don't have it on me.
- [ Renn scoffs ]
Forgot you were coming.
Fine. Tonight.
Don't show, and I will actually
kill you this time.
- Great.
I look forward to it.
[ Sighs ]
Is this fun for you?
[ Locks door ]
No. Man...
[ Inhales deeply ] it's not.
Been doing this shit
our whole lives.
The hell
are you talking about?
You bitch and moan
about Baz and Smurf,
but you can't really do shit
on your own.
Can you?
I mean, the whole yacht thing
was my idea.
They wouldn't have done it
- if I hadn't vouched for you.
- Oh, that's bullshit, man!
I did all the work!
Now you bring this shit
into my bar, which is basically
- the only safe thing in my life.
- What was I supposed to do?
Deal with it, man, for once!
You're the one that told Marco
that we owed him.
Not me! You!
I can't believe I'm gonna
have to deal with this shit
for the rest of my life.
Any time I-I'm remotely good
at something, it can't be mine.
- It has to be ours, always.
- What are we
- talking about here? Surfing?
- No, we're not talking about surfing.
- The only reason that you even
got into that was because of me.
Okay, man.
I drove you to each and every
one of your tournaments,
- wherever they were.
- No, you drove me to the tournaments
so you could tell the girls
that you were my coach,
so they'd sleep with you.
That's why.
- Mm-hmm.
- That's why.
And then... and then
I'd clean up your puke and shit
and drive your drunk ass home
at 14 years old.
You think Smurf was
gonna get up at 4:00
and drive you to San Pedro?
You think Baz was?
Pope?
One of these days,
you're gonna end up dead.
I can't spend
the rest of my life
making sure
that doesn't happen.
So soon as I get enough money
to buy this place,
I'm out.
I'm serious. I'm done.
[ Cellphone vibrates ]
We got an address.
♪♪
Go! [ Shouts indistinctly ]
I got him! I got him!
[ Crash ]
[ Grunting ]
Aah! Damn it!
Aah!
[ Grunting ]
[ Thud ]
Enough. Enough! Get off him!
- Enough!
- [ Grunts ]
[ Grunting and gasping ]
They'll make my dad pay
and they'll kill me anyway.
[ Panting ]
Cut me up and send me
back to him in pieces.
It's payback.
Don't you get it?
You take me there,
I'm... I'm dead.
[ Gasping ]
♪♪
[ Engine turns off ]
[ Gate clanks ]
[ Velcro rips ]
♪♪
Cath never talked to the cops.
[ Jewelry clatters ]
Andrew...
This detective that stopped Baz,
I followed him,
I confronted him, I got into
his face, and made him tell me.
- You talked to a cop?
- Because I had to know.
He lied. Cops lie.
He wasn't just saying it.
She didn talk.
You told me she talked.
She didn't talk!
She would have,
sooner or later.
[ Breathing deeply ]
[ Thud ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Stifling sobs ]
[ Sniffles ]
[ Crying ]
♪♪
[ Groans ]
Shh, shh.
[ Kissing ]
[ Inhales deeply ]
- [ Whispers indistinctly ]
- Get off me.
[ Sniffles ]
♪♪
[ Sniffs ]
[ Clears throat ]
[ Surf rolling ]
How'd you find this place?
My mom used to meet
her dealer here.
I don't get you.
What do you mean?
If I lived with your mom...
Shooting up all the time,
no food in the house,
no money,
Smurf and your uncles living
a mile away like kings...
I'd be pissed.
You don't even seem angry.
I'm angry all the time.
♪♪
[ Buckle clinking ]
[ Unzips pants ]
♪♪
Janine?
What are you doing here?
Can I come in?
You know I don't do this here
for anyone.
This couldn't wait
till tomorrow?
No.
That yacht's been
all over the news.
Doesn't seem
like your usual style.
It's not.
Well, the cops will
be scouring the U.S. markets,
so I'll have to look for a buyer
in Europe or the Middle East.
It's gonna take
a couple weeks.
I wouldn't be here
if it weren't important.
Smurf, what's going on?
I got a problem,
and I need cash to solve it.
What are we talking about?
Baz.
♪♪
[ Exhales sharply ]
[ Line rings ]
[ Ring ]
Woman: San Diego County
Sheriff's Department.
How can I direct your call?
[ Knife chopping ]
[ Knock on door ]
- Hey.
I thought you weren't coming
till later.
[ Door creaks ]
I need to talk to you.
Yeah. Is something wrong?
[ Knobs click ]
Hey. What's the matter?
What's going on?
[ Breathing heavily ]
[ Whispers ] Andrew.
Do you think forgiveness
is possible?
I do.
I know Jesus' love is absolute.
Is it possible for him to...
[ Inhales shakily ]
[ Voice breaks ]
to love somebody
who's done something horrible?
[ Sobs ]
[ Whispers ] Is it possible?
I hope so.
Could you?
[ Sniffling ]
Andrew, what's wrong?
You can tell me, baby.
♪♪
I hurt someone.
A woman I loved.
I loved her...
but I did it anyway.
Did what? What did you do?
I thought she was going to hurt
my family.
I put a pillow over her face
and I held it there until
she couldn't breathe anymore.
♪♪
[ Speaking inaudibly ]
[ Oil rig squeaking ]
[ Pounding on trunk ]
You think they're gonna
kill him?
I don't know.
[ Pounding continues ]
You really want out?
[ Pounding on trunk ]
[ Breathes deeply ]
Yeah.
[ Pounding continues ]
Here we go.
[ Engine turns off ] Marco:
You should've seen the fight!
[ Laughs ] Whoo!
Pettis kicked a dude
in the throat. Ahh!
Took him three minutes
to get up.
What the hell's
wrong with you?
Deran: What are they gonna do
with the kid?
Don't worry about it, man.
Where's the keys?
[ Car door opens and closes ]
[ Keys jangle ]
[ Car doors close ]
Man: Ah.
- Alejandro: No, no, no, no, no, no!
-  Let's go.
No, no, no, no!
No! Por favor, por favor no!
No! No!
[ Pleading in Spanish, crying ]
Por favor! Help!
Help, por favor.
[ Sobbing ]
[ Sighs ]
♪♪
There's a little extra in there
for you. [ Car door closes ]
[ Engine starts ]
[ Car departs ]
We're never doing this again,
Marco.
- Okay, bro.
- No, listen to me.
If I ever see you again,
I'm gonna knock you out.
Take the car and strip it down.
- [ Keys jangle ]
- Get a cab. Simple.
[ Vehicle approaching ]
You better go.
[ Chuckles ]
Hermana, preciosa.
[ Pistol whips ]
Ow! Aah!
[ Speaks Spanish ]
Marco:
Tenía boletos de primera fila!
Cállate!
[ Grunts ]
[ Speaking Spanish ]
Ow. Sí.
- ¿Sí?
- Sí.
[ Speaks Spanish ]
Yeah.
Synchronized by srjanapala
♪♪ Jamie N Commons'
"Not Gonna Break Me" playing...
♪♪
♪ Ever come this far ♪
♪ Just to let this go ♪
♪ I need to know from you ♪
♪ Yeah, I need to know from
you ♪ [ Siren whooping ]
♪ Is it cold outside ♪
♪ Living on your own ♪
♪ I need to know from you ♪
♪ Yeah, I need to know
from you ♪
♪ If it's all the same ♪
♪ I'm gonna play the game ♪
♪ You're not gonna break me ♪
[ Siren wailing ]
♪ Not gonna break me ♪
♪ Not gonna break me down ♪
Man over P.A.:
Keep your hands on the wheel.
♪ Not gonna break me ♪
♪ This time around ♪
♪♪
♪ Not gonna break me ♪
♪ This time around ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org